add manual e2e testing procedure (#363)
giantswarm/loki-app: tests/manual_e2e/README.md

# Manual e2e testing

As of now, the [apptest-framework](https://github.com/giantswarm/apptest-framework) used for automated e2e testiong doesn't support MC-only apps. Hence the manual procedure described here in order to ensure that the app works as expected in a Giant Swarm environment.

## Procedure

Before proceeding to any kind of test, you'll first have to deploy your custom branch app's version into a testing installation. Don't forget to suspend flux reconciliation for this app during the whole testing process. See [here](https://intranet.giantswarm.io/docs/dev-and-releng/flux/suspending-flux/#how-to-be-more-granular--subtle-with-suspending-resources-and-why-be-careful-with-this) for details on how to evict an app from flux's reconciliation.

Once that's done, please run the `basic_checks.sh` script which will check that the app is in `deployed` state and that the `loki-canary` component is enabled.

Once your app is correctly deployed and configured :

- Let it run for a bit, like 10min or more.

> - Inspect the `Loki / Operational` dasboard which will give information on Loki's overall health.

Reviewer: If canary is enabled, the `Loki / Canary` dashboard should give reliable info about whether loki is performing well end-to-end.

Author: Oh I wasn't sure this dashboard was existing. so sure I'll update the README.

## Procedure

Before proceeding to any kind of test, you'll first have to deploy your custom branch app's version into a testing installation. Don't forget to suspend flux reconciliation for this app during the whole testing process. See [here](https://intranet.giantswarm.io/docs/dev-and-releng/flux/suspending-flux/#how-to-be-more-granular--subtle-with-suspending-resources-and-why-be-careful-with-this) for details on how to evict an app from flux's reconciliation.

Obviously you'll have to check that the deployment of your custom branch's version has gone smoothly. If the app is in a different state than `deployed` please describe the app and try to fix it according to the displayed events' description.

Once your app is correctly deployed,  :

- Let it run for a bit, like 10min or more.
- Make sure that the `loki-canary` component is enabled and deployed. If not, please create a user values configmap on the installation to enable the canary.

> - Inspect the `Loki / Operational` dasboard which will give information mimir's overall health.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Inspect the `Loki / Operational` dasboard which will give information on Loki's overall health.
```

> - If eveything appears to be fine, then you can revert the flux's evicting procedure that you did and let it reconcile to its original version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If everything appears to be fine, then you can revert the flux's evicting procedure that you did and let it reconcile to its original version.
```
